# ST10085201_TeshanaWhite_POE_Part1
On the console application, the user will be asked to enter their monthly income as well as their monthly expenses for the various categories. The console app's next tab will ask the user whether they want to rent or buy a house (or neither). They must enter the monthly rent expense if they chose to rent. If they opt to acquire a home, they will be required to enter the purchase price and deposit, as well as the interest rate and the number of months they intend to pay off the mortgage. The console app will provide the user with access to all of the information. This output will include a wide range of data. Your income, tax deductions, and costs, as well as the total of your expenses, will be displayed in the output. The rent will come after that (if chosen). Your housing costs will be included below the rent and will include the purchase price and deposit, as well as interest and the monthly payment (calculated for you). The monthly payment will also be shown (calculated on behalf of the user). At the end of the output, the user will be offered the money that remains after all expenses. 

The application makes use of various arrays to store the data and other variables so that they may be presented to the user in an appropriate manner, this also ensures that there are minimal to no errors with the code. The inputted data is received by the program in the form of getters and setters, which also aids in the storing of the data in an appropriate fashion. This method of storing data will also  allow the program to perform the various calculations needed to display the final user output. 
